Update docs (#38)
brighthive/data-resource-generator: docs/source/getting_started.rst

> Getting Started

Reviewer: How about calling this "Introduction"? "Getting Started" typically indicates set-up instructions, but that's not really what this page offers.

Author: So this was taken from https://opensource.com/article/20/3/documentation. It should meet the objectives defined in the section "Start with Getting Started documentation". So I'll keep in mind that it's currently not doing that 😄

===============

The Data Resource Generator (DRG) is a database and API as configuration application.

> Terms

Reviewer: How about "Definitions"? or "Terms to Know"? I thought this meant "Terms of Use" at first, since it appears in the context of a product document.

-----

> Data Resource

Reviewer: Can you put the term in **bold font** and add a colon? Then, the reader more easily knows where-to-look.

Author: RST automatically handles term definition. I think it bolds and italicizes them -- https://docutils.sourceforge.io/docs/ref/rst/restructuredtext.html#definition-lists

>     These are things that can hold and handle data. In this case it is a database with a RESTful API

Reviewer: Hmmmmm.....I do not like "things" as a descriptor. How about "Entity"? So, I'd rewrite it like so:

```
Data Resource: an entity that stores and handles data. In the context of the BrightHive DRG, a Data Resource is a relational database with a RESTful API.
```

Data Resource Schema

>     This is a database and API definition file.

Reviewer: You can omit "this is," for example:

> **Data Resource Schema**: a file that defines the database and API specs

> Checklist To Start

Reviewer: I find this subsection a little confusing, since "Checklist" generally signals a list of things you need, like, "I need eggs, flour, and milk to make pancakes." I suggest calling this section "Steps to Get Started" and add a prefatory sentence:

> Steps to Get Started
> You can easily standup a DRG in four easy steps! 
> #. Create a Data Resource Schema [ link to instructions for doing this ]
> #. Run the Data Resource Generator [ link to instructions for doing this ]
> #. Generate your data resources [ link to instructions for doing this ]
> #. Profit!

Getting Started
===============

> The Data Resource Generator (DRG) is a database and API as configuration application. It is primarily used as a core component of BrightHive Data Trusts but has many :ref:`use-cases<use-cases>`. 

Reviewer: I had a hard time making sense of this sentence. I read "is database" and then could not pice that together with API as configuration. How about this?

> The Data Resource Generator (DRG) helps you easily configure and create a RESTful API supported by a relational database without writing any code.

Reviewer: The first sentence of the docs matter deeply, so we can workshop a couple solutions.

Author: "database as configuration" is the keyword I'm trying to catch from google searches :(

Author: Combined both. Let me know what you think.

Definitions
-----------

Data Trust
    Legal, technical, and governance frameworks that enable networks of organizations to securely and responsibly share and collaborate with data, generating new insights and increasing their combined impact.

Data Resource

>     Loosely defined as data that is owned by or stewarded over by members of Data Trusts. These are core elements of a Data Trust. In the context of the DRG, a Data Resource is a relational database with a RESTful API. 

Reviewer: I think these sentences would be easier to read, if you remove some of the passive structures.

Let's try:

> The core element of a BrightHive Data Trust. Members of a Data Trust can own, manage, or oversee data resources. In the context of the DRG, a Data Resource is a relational database with a RESTful API, i.e., one instance of a DRG supports one data resource.

Reviewer: Is my last sentence true ^^^?

Author: I think a data resource is intended to be one table and the related APIs for it so the DRG allows many data resources. But our definition of a data resource may not be perfect yet.

> From the technical perspective, a BrightHive Data Resource is an entity comprised of the following elements:

Reviewer: These terms extend the definition of "Data Resource." Is there a way to make the nesting more clear? Otherwise, your reader's eyes might skip over your framing sentence ("a BrightHive Data Resource is an entity comprised of...").

Data Model
    The data model consists of one or more database tables and associated Object Relational Mapping (ORM) objects for communicating with these tables.

RESTful API
    Data managed by Data Resources are accessed via RESTful API endpoints. These endpoints support standard operations (i.e. **GET**, **POST**, **PUT**, **PATCH**, **DELETE**).

Data Resource Schema

>     A JSON document (Loosely a JSON-LD document) that defines the data models, API endpoints, and security constraints placed on the specific Data Resources. In conjunction with the DRG, these schemas are what allow for new Data Resources to be created without the need for code to be written.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A JSON document (loosely a JSON-LD document) that defines the data models, API endpoints, and security constraints placed on the specific Data Resources. In conjunction with the DRG, these schemas are what allow for new Data Resources to be created without the need for code to be written.
```

> To generate Data Resources you will construct the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Data Resource Generation Payload

>     This is simply a JSON body that includes a nested Data Resource Schema that is used to generate the application. Additional properties can be included as top level keys to affect generation process in a number of ways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A JSON body that includes a nested "Data Resource Schema" (see above) used to generate the application. Additional properties can be included as top level keys to affect generation process in a number of ways.
```
